Style: Integrate new `#pragma once` syntax (#10756)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/development/cpp_usage_guidelines.rst

simpler, and do not impede readability. Please ask before using lambdas in a
pull request.

> ``#ifdef``-based include guards
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``#ifndef``-based include guards
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

Reviewer 2: "ifdef" seems fine here, since it's referring to the language feature in general, and is not a specific code example.

> Starting with 4.5, all files now use the ``#pragma once`` directive, as they
> improve readability and declutter macros. Use of ``#ifdef``-based include
> guards are now actively discouraged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Godot 4.5, all files now use the ``#pragma once`` directive, as they
improve readability and declutter macros. Use of ``#ifndef``-based include
guards are now actively discouraged.
```
Both suggestions optional.

These are technically `ifndef`-based not `ifdef`-based, right? But maybe calling them colloquially "ifdef-based" still makes sense?

Reviewer 3: I think `ifdef` is fine, IMO it refers more to the mechanism than the exact (inverted) keyword. You're technically very much correct though :)
